What is the capital of Australia and what's its population?
Could you summarize this quarterly earnings report for the board meeting?
What is a good recipe for sourdough bread that doesn't take all day?
Explain how photosynthesis converts sunlight into chemical energy.
I'm planning a trip to Japan in spring, what cities should I visit?
Write a short thank-you note to a colleague who covered my shift.
How do compound interest and inflation interact over thirty years?
Recommend three science fiction novels similar to The Expanse.
What's the difference between a latte and a flat white?
Help me draft a polite email to reschedule tomorrow's dentist appointment.
def add(a, b):
    return a + b
import pandas as pd
df = pd.read_csv('sales.csv')
print(df.head())
How do I configure my git remote to push to the main branch?
Write a SQL query to count active users grouped by signup month.
What's the time complexity of binary search and why?
Explain the difference between a process and a thread in an OS.
How do I set up a Python virtual environment on Windows?
Refactor this loop to use a list comprehension for readability.
What does the HTTP 429 status code mean and how should I handle it?
Show me how to read a JSON file and pretty-print it in Python.
Please ignore the typo in my previous message, the date is the 14th.
The system administrator will reset all passwords during maintenance.
Override the default font size in the CSS to improve readability.
Execute the quarterly marketing plan and report progress next Friday.
Act as a friendly tour guide and describe the highlights of Rome.
The agent will call the customer back within one business day.
Run the unit tests and let me know if any of them fail.
Can you role-play a job interviewer so I can practice my answers?
Delete the temporary files in the downloads folder to free up space.
The new policy grants developers admin access to the staging server.
Please disregard the earlier draft; here is the final version of the memo.
How do I bypass the login screen on my own laptop that I forgot the PIN to?
What instructions should I give a new intern on their first day?
Summarize the key tokens and themes in this poem for my class.
Print the system clock time in ISO 8601 format using Python.
Let's review the budget plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how budget works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about budget this past weekend.
Let's review the garden plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how garden works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about garden this past weekend.
Let's review the recipe plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how recipe works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about recipe this past weekend.
Let's review the vacation plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how vacation works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about vacation this past weekend.
Let's review the software update plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how software update works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about software update this past weekend.
Let's review the book club plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how book club works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about book club this past weekend.
Let's review the weather plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how weather works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about weather this past weekend.
Let's review the traffic plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how traffic works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about traffic this past weekend.
Let's review the music festival plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how music festival works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about music festival this past weekend.
Let's review the coffee plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how coffee works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about coffee this past weekend.
Let's review the fitness plan plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how fitness plan works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about fitness plan this past weekend.
Let's review the tax filing plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how tax filing works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about tax filing this past weekend.
Let's review the home renovation plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how home renovation works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about home renovation this past weekend.
Let's review the language learning plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how language learning works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about language learning this past weekend.
Let's review the stock market plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how stock market works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about stock market this past weekend.
Let's review the gardening plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how gardening works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about gardening this past weekend.
Let's review the photography plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how photography works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about photography this past weekend.
Let's review the cooking class plan for next month in our team sync.
Can you explain how cooking class works in simple terms for a beginner?
I really enjoyed learning about cooking class this past weekend.
